alright Comics comic here this is the
official exit interview for Last Comic
Standing 7 finalists Mike DeStefano Mike
first year your name and age in your
hometown my name is Mike DeStefano my
age is 40-something and my hometown is
New York City Bronx to be specific and
that's also your current city residents
yeah that's where I was brought up and
that's where I live now and all that
tell me about the first time he ever did
stand-up comedy
the first time I ever did stand-up
comedy was it was at a drug and alcohol
rehabilitation center which I mean have
a job I quit robbing candy stores he
stopped being a criminal though I just
you know from misery could you ever
audition for your last comment before I
did audition like 5 years ago when they
had the to Bob and Tom
and whatever their name the other guys
that did it and I didn't get past the
first the first rap young the first
morning interview thing whatever they
call no but what did you what did you
learn from that but that helped you out
differently this one I didn't learn
nothing from that I don't learn from
industry people don't learn from Booker
as I learn from agents they don't teach
us anything about our craft in fact when
people when certain people don't like
you it's a compliment it's like oh good
the guys who booked that show don't like
me perfect that's excellent compliment
so when this season at what point did
you think hey you might actually have a
shot at this I thought that I could
maybe win last Comic Standing briefly
maybe once or twice throughout the
process I never expected to win when I
was in the top five I was just that's
enough that was enough for me I was
thrilled to get that far in it not cuz
I'm self-effacing or I don't think I'm
good enough I just I know the nature of
my material isn't built for primetime
Network so you know a few times I
thought hey I might win you know and
people you start listening to people say
Mike you're gonna probably win you start
thinking okay maybe I will then you know
when it ends you realize oh this is what
the show is how did you feel about the
format changes they did this year well
when I first went in to audition I spoke
to them about any kind of gimmicky goofy
shit and I you know wouldn't have done
any of that so when I signed up and I
signed up to do just stand up
performances and then knowing that at
the end America would vote on it which
is I knew that I had
chance at that point to win but see you
didn't miss the house or any of those I
never watched the show I watched I
remembered that Pham winning and I never
never watched it Africa you know it's
ridiculous
did you have any experience with other
kinds of contests I never been in a
contest no okay alright are there tell
me a few things that the viewers might
not know about you or about me yeah and
they wouldn't have learned from watching
on TV I think I think pretty much I
think people got to see what I'm about
really you know I'm a much kinder nicer
person than I think I was portrayed as
maybe you know I mean I'm not I don't
think I'm a tough guy I don't think I'm
out too you know people that are
intimidated by me
they're pussies and that's therefore if
I don't like all I should tone it down
my actions it's just you know be a men
stop being a little cunt you know I mean
like it's not my problem that people
fact find me scary cuz I have tattoos
fuck you it's a stupid have you have you
found that people whether they're just
regular fans or other comedians or
industry people are already treating you
differently now because of the show
during the show and when you're really
great
they're the people in the industry a lot
of them like I say all of them but a lot
of them the ones that would be mad
hearing this are the ones I'm talking
about like they're animals they're not
human really so they're just they're
green machines like and they just want
to attach to anything that might make
them quick money managers and agents are
supposed to help you develop and become
you know successful so they can enjoy
the success with you and the money but
that don't work like that Hollywood it
seems like they're just looking to latch
onto something when it can get some free
extra money you know so I don't know if
that answer your question they're
scumbags I don't have no use for well is
there anything that happened off camera
that was a funny or memorable no I mean
the show is essentially not too bad to
do I mean I didn't you know I would I
would definitely recommend anyone to do
it you know that it is inclined to do it
they they would definitely benefit them
you know but what do what are you most
looking forward to about the tour the
tour I I'm not sure I'm looking forward
to it it's not all that much I mean but
I may be the way I'm feeling right now
but um I don't know once I get out there
I'll see how it is if it's all like
reality show fans like we fucking stupid
people that sit home on their couches
and enjoy voting I'm gonna be really not
having fun probably there's gonna be a
lot of
or abusiveness I'm a big boy did you did
you make any side bets with anybody
about the job no I didn't I went to John
again at one point Tommy John again who
I thought was gonna win I went to him
and said hey listen why don't we split I
wanna make an agreement to split No
in case one of us wins and he was like
no because he's a cocky little fucker
and I mean he was right not to obviously
because I wasn't even in the top two but
not no sigh look out of that stuff yeah
and finally do you have any advice for
any other comedian if there's another
season there's another season just go up
is it closed I don't advise the people
just I don't know be yourself I don't
know if they're what if they're wanting
today today try out and do it yeah
definitely I would say try it you know
what you're risking is getting your
feelings hurt you're risking being
humiliated and your ego which is
ridiculous the egos of is a nonsensical
thing it's not real you know it's like
this sense of importance so like I was
fourth I'm the fourth comic so what a
way to tell myself I'm the fourth best
comic in America I'm not the fourth best
comic in America I don't give a shit
what number in America I am I'm just
doing my thing and enjoying myself do i
I don't think
anybody's better than me or worse than
me you know I mean this comics that are
better than me but they weren't on the
show those guys that I think are amazing
that I want to be like they weren't on
Last Comic Standing they're doing
theaters and touring and stuff you know
so the comics are great the Li Fei is
great you know people are thinking for
hating on them I don't know the guides
if it be if it was rigged or fixed it's
not his fault he's just enjoying it and
I you know I love the guys on the show
they will pull they grow on me I like
them all I'm good with it if I didn't I
would say I don't like about it they
fine it can have a good time on tour
hopefully all right Mike DeStefano
you've been debriefed
bankage I'm the only guy who's ever said
fuck you America that shows that's what
I'm proud of
and now you've said it here thanks Mike